Notes on creating a new live stream
-----------------------------------

Below are the settings I use when creating a new live stream. Sometimes
YouTube glitches badly enough that I must create the live stream again from
scratch. As long as the script is working as expected, it should be OK for me
to completely delete my YouTube channel's main live stream and start over with
these settings. The script then updates the stream ingestion secret key
automatically and begins streaming correctly. This is what I did to correct
issue #42.

Here are my personal settings:



Video Description
-----------------

Here is a permanent link to the most current live stream: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqPZGFtBau8rm7wnScxdA3g/live

Video history highlights: http://vixyandtony.com/crowcam.html
--- 
Live view of backyard crows and squirrels, Seattle, Washington. The video feed is only live from sunrise to sunset each day, since crows and squirrels are diurnal. The most common species we see at this feeder are the Northwestern crow, the Eastern gray squirrel, and the Steller's jay.

Use the video's "scrub bar" control, to scroll backwards into the video feed, to find recent visits by the critters. Note: The live stream may stop and restart at certain times of day, limiting how far back in the timeline that you can view. If the live stream seems to stop during the day, if it doesn't automatically restart itself after a moment, then try clicking on the permanent link above, and then try refreshing the page.
--- 
We have installed a new feeder system to keep the seagulls out. We used to put food in bowls for the crows (they like puppy kibble), but after a while, the seagulls got the hang of it, and would eat all the crows' food before they could get any. The new feeder takes care of this. The feeder is a modification of an off-the-shelf "seesaw" counter-weighted design, which was originally designed for smaller chirpy birds: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001G17E7Y - The seesaw closes the food openings if anything too heavy lands on the perch. The feeder was originally designed to keep squirrels out of the birdseed, but crows and squirrels weigh about the same, and both of those species are welcome here. So we modified the feeder by replacing the chirpy bird perch with a platform for the crows and squirrels to land on, then added more weight to the seesaw's counterweight. Now the feeder's landing platform will accept the weight of crows and squirrels, while rejecting the weight of seagulls. This kept the seagulls away for several months, until one of them figured out it could land on the roof and bend over really far, and occasionally got a kibble or two. So we added a plexiglass extension to the roof to thwart it. Example of seagull frustration here: https://bit.ly/2KSayzW
---
There is some custom script code to control and maintain this camera feed, and it is open source on GitHub: https://github.com/tfabris/CrowCam
---
Here is a link to a TED talk by John Marzluff of the University of Washington, about research he has done with our local crows: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fiAoqwsc9g
---
Here are some links to a song that we wrote about our local crows:
Lyrics: https://vixy.dreamwidth.org/794522.html
Performance: https://bit.ly/32wgjtL
---
Our band's web site:
http://www.VixyAndTony.com



My personal YouTube settings which differ from YouTube defaults
---------------------------------------------------------------

Title: CrowCam

Description: (Above)

Change Thumbnail: (Video thumbnail is my own saved image, made in Adobe
Spark online, by logging in with my Adobe ID account credentials)

Category: Pets & Animals

Stream Optimizations: Normal Latency

Activate the "Make archive unlisted when complete" feature. This setting is
unchecked by default, and can be found in both the basic settings screen and
the advanced settings screen.

Tags: 
Crows, Squirrels, Animals, Live, Cam, Webcam, Birds, Birdwatching

- How to change the tags? Sometimes it is hard to find the screen.
- Press ADVANCED SETTINGS.
- Press BASIC INFO.
- I know the above seems unintuitive (advanced then basic) but it worked for
  me, at a time when I couldn't find the tags field.
- If you take the string above with the commas, and paste the whole string
  into the tags field, with the commas, it works.


Synology NAS Surveillance Station settings
------------------------------------------

IP Camera - Edit - Device Settings - Video

Video format: H.264
Audio format: AAC
Field of View: (N/A on Dahua camera)
Stream profile: All three set to "Stream 1"
"Stream 1" settings - Resolution: 1920x1080
"Stream 1" settings - Frame Rate: 30
"Stream 1" settings - Bitrate: Constant
"Stream 1" settings - Bitrate KBPS: 2048

IP Camera - Edit - Device Settings - Advanced

Use a speaker: Unchecked
Transport Protocol: Auto
Keep alive method: OPTIONS (Default)
Streaming information source: RSTP
Enable PTZ control: Checked

IP Camera - Edit - Recording Settings - Recording

Pre-recording time: 5 sec
Post-recording time: 5 sec
Limit the archive folder up to: 180 GB
Recordings storage: surveillance (Volume 1)

IP Camera - Edit - Recording Settings - Stream

Schedule Recording Settings: All set to "High Quality"
Advanced Continuous Recoring Settings: Do not change dynamically

IP Camera - Edit - Recording Settings - Advanced

Truncate video every: 240 minutes
When space or time limit is reached: Remove old archives
Other recording settings: All set to "High Quality"

IP Camera - Edit - Optimization - Advanced

    Force Restart when camera is disconnected: Disabled
    (Automatic restart schedule is left up to the camera and CrowCam.)

IP Camera - Edit - Event Detection - Motion

Detection source: By Surveillance Station
Edit Detection Area: (hand-customized area)
Sensitivity: 87
Threshold: 5
Ignore short lived motion: 3 seconds


Dahua Camera Settings - Web UI - 192.168.0.185
----------------------------------------------

Setting - Conditions - Picture

    With "Profile: Day" and "Profile: Normal" selected,
        Saturation: 75   (compensates for Backlight below)

Setting - Conditions - Backlight

    With "Profile: Day" and "Profile: Normal" selected,
        Mode: SSA 
    With "Profile: Night" selected, 
        Mode: Off

Setting - Conditions - Zoom and Focus

    Set the zoom to the correct level and pres Auto Focus.

Setting - Video - Main Stream

    (Encoder settings are coming from Synology)

    Note: Changing settings may affect the bit rate. Change the bit rate back
    down  as low as it will go after making any changes. Try 2048. When I did
    that it selected 2304 as the final bit rate. Trying to keep this down so
    that we don't bust Comcast quota.

Setting - Video - Sub Stream

    Enabled: Unchecked (do not use a sub stream).

Setting - Video - Overlay

    Time Title - Enable - Week Display

    Note: For full functionality you must use a Chrome browser and install an
    run a chrome "App" (not a plugin, but an App) called the NACL WEB PLUGIN
    (It is still not a plugin but an app, despite its name). These types of
    apps in Chrome are about to be disabled in Chrome so this is a bad thing,
    but at least I can configure some things this way, like the position of
    the timestamp on the screen by dragging it on the screen in the NACL web
    plugin.

Setting - Audio - Main Stream

    Encode mode: AAC
    Sampling Frequency 16000

Setting - Audio - Sub Stream
    
    Enable: Unchecked

Setting - Audio - Attribute

    AudioIn Type: Mic
    Noise Filter: Disable
    Microphone Volume: 85

Setting - Network - TCP/IP

    Host Name: DahuaCrowCam
    Mode: DHCP

Setting - Network - UPnP

    Enable: Unchecked

Setting - Network - Multicast

    Enable: Unchecked

Setting - System - General

    Name: DahuaCrowCam

Setting - System - General - Date&Time

    Time Zone: GMT-08:00 (It defaults to +8:00 so make sure this is fixed.)
    Time Format: 12-Hour
    DST: Checked
    DST Type: Week
    Start Time: March, 2nd week, Sunday, 2am
    End Time: November, 1st week, Sunday, 2am
    NTP Server: pool.ntp.org
    Port: 123
    Interval: 10

Setting - System - Auto Maintain

    Auto Reboot: Everyday 02:55

Setting - System - Upgrade
    Auto-check for updates: Enabled.

    Last update was performed:
        2020-07-26
        System Version 2.622.0000000.18.R, Build Date: 2017-11-10
        Found New Version 2.622.0000000.31.R.180813
